[Frontend] Remove frontend pooling multi task support. (#37861)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/models/pooling_models/README.md

### Score task

`score` task have already removed and use `classify` instead, only when a classification model outputs num_labels
equal to 1 can it be used as a scoring model and have its scoring API enabled.

### Pooling multitask support

> Pooling multitask support is deprecated and have already removed. When the default pooling task is not what you want,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pooling multitask support has been removed in v0.21. When the default pooling task is not what you want,
```
